docs(README): Document how to test an in-development version of Baseplate in Snoodev (#756)
reddit/baseplate.py: README.md

Specific hooks can be [temporarily disabled](https://pre-commit.com/#temporarily-disabling-hooks).

You can install hooks only for a specific step (i.e. [pre-push](https://pre-commit.com/#pre-commit-during-push)).

> # Testing in Snoodev

Reviewer: 🔕 Not against it here, and these instructions seem fine, but seems a little strange to me for this to be here but testing sidecars to be [in the wiki](https://reddit.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/BAS/pages/2410939140/Baseplate+Sidecars#How-do-I-test-the-sidecars%3F)

Author: Note that talks about how to release sidecars and then test them, not how to test them locally. Also currently this approach doesn't work with sidecars.

Reviewer 2: 🔕 nit: Multiple top-level headings in the same document

> # Testing in Snoodev

Reviewer 2: Multiple top-level headings in the same document

```suggestion
## Testing in Snoodev
```

Reviewer 2: There are other headings and lint errors in this file, but they are not related to this change so this is the only suggestion I'm offering at this time.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/reddit/baseplate.py/pull/757

You can upgrade any service to use in development Baseplate code in Snoodev by
editing the requirements file for the service you would like to use for testing.
Update the the Baseplate requirement to pull from Github instead, like this:

```
diff --git a/requirements.txt b/requirements.txt
index aef8ad8..d32a078 100644
--- a/requirements.txt
+++ b/requirements.txt
-baseplate==2.5.7
+git+https://github.com/reddit/baseplate.py@<ref>#egg=baseplate
```

In this case the ref can be either a commit hash or a branch name. After making
this update you can check if the service works in Snoodev.

> > **Warning**

Reviewer: TIL markdown syntax formats this

Author: I had to look it up :D

> Never deploy this change to production. Production should always use a Baseplate

> > version that has been released and published to pypi. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> semantic version that has been tagged, and released.
```
